Time Stamp Reflections:

7/23/23 11:02am

I always find myself doing the most extracurricular work WHILE I am working for a job. I've been at NYSC since 6:45am, and will be here until 5pm. I really appreciate this time in my life because although I have been "busy" with two jobs, I still have so much free time to spend time on my own personal interests.

7/21/23 9:18pm

Today I initialized my website. I had work at Eastern Bank from 8am to 3:30pm and I'm now at New York Sports Club working my 4-10pm shift. Lately I have been very hungry for success, but this constantly brings me back to the little project experience I have under my belt. I hope today is the start of something great, and gives me all the more motivation to complete work for my own good. If the future me is looking back at this message, here's a short summary of my life currently:
It is summer 23 and I just finished my senior year at BU. I still have courses to complete in order to get my Bachelor's, so I took a hospitality class in the beginning of this summer (it was great). Since I finished this class, I've been waiting on BU Finaid to reply to my appeal for 23-24 funding. This situation is very difficult mentally; whenever I talk to family they only seem to care about my academics - only to get bad news. I've watched my friends graduate without me and missed out on many memories by not graduating with my own class. And worst of all, the amount of work I've put into CS since freshman year is greater than anything I've ever experienced. I've stayed up for days straight working on problem sets, studying for exams, and sometimes simply trying to understand a confusing topic. At times I feel that despite all the hard work I've put in, there has been no recognition or acknoledgement. However I always remind myself that the hard work has made me a better person. Of course I learned to code, but my work ethic and discipline are drastically different from when I started college. During school it was always hard for me to be happy with all of the stress I had. Now in the summer time I've been working 2 jobs for about 60 hours a week, and all I can think about is how I miss coding, and want more than anything to apply everything I learned to something meaningful. These feelings brought me here. I have high hopes for myself even though college made me look like Patrick Star. 
